The power of (having magic control over) light is at your fingertips, with it you can kill hoards of enemies or even the toughest worms effortlessly (after a small amount of farming to power up your weapons as much as you can)
this mod even includes a drill!

Changelog:
0.2.4.1:
Did I even relaease 0.2.4?
Thought I'd lost all of my characters, turns out I just had to remove 2 lines.
Now points of light actually save what enemies you got them from to your character properly instead of resetting when you exit the world.
bug fixes.

0.2.4:
someone please tell me how to use github.
hopefully fixed item charge display.
Beam of Light now does more thing, try it.

0.2.3:
Beam of Light (or light staff if you want to just use the class name) now has an alt-fire, try it on everything!
Even walls.
enemy renaming code is now taken from prefixes for enemies, and will hopefully have more compatibility with said mod.
added some slightly secret items, but I've forgotten what they are.

0.2.2:
had to rush this update because of a glitch too, the glitch might not have been in a released version, but just in case.

0.2.1:
I had to release this version early to fix points of light being unable to be used, there may be some minor bugs.

0.2:
added light javelin.
added "ultimate abilities".
umbra enemies can now give players a debuff that will weaken their damage and even kill them if it runs out, this debuff can be cured with a drop from the enemy.
light weapons now deal more damage to umbra enemies.
lux and umbra enemies now drop more coins.
fixed bug added in v0.2 that prevented vanilla weapons dealing damage, however, this bug would never have been known about by anyone if I didn't put it in the patch notes, since it was fixed in the version that added it, so this entire line is basically just a joke.
added Changelog.
added Credits.

0.1:
initial release

Credits:
concept and most of the code: me
code for renaming enemies (in older versions): Dark-Assassin (from  Enemy Affixes) (now from prefixes for enemies by Jofairden, although it's really just a single variable that I didn't know about before)
help with finding out what I did wrong: people on the tmodloader discord
the 3261 people who downloaded my first mod
and finally
the 449 people who had already downloaded this mod in the first few versions :)